update readme documentation (#365)
Brightspace/bmx: README.md

# BMX

BMX provides API access to your AWS accounts using existing Okta credentials. Instead of long-term IAM access keys, BMX creates short-term AWS STS tokens using your Okta identity.

# Installation

Download the appropriate binary from the [releases](https://github.com/Brightspace/bmx/releases) page. Place the executable in a convenient location within your file system.

# Commands

## configure

> The `bmx configure` command creates or updates the global BMX configuration file, located at `~/.bmx/config`. This file can store your Okta organization, username, and your AWS default session duration. Okta account sessions are saved when a configuration file is present. For security reasons, it's recommended to avoid running `bmx configure` or creating a global configuration file on a machine used by multiple users.

Author: Felt like configure needed a bit more than 1 sentence just for the fact about multi user machine and the worries we had with that

Author: But do we trust someone to read it if they are only linked directly to the configure section

Reviewer: We have this now:
https://github.com/Brightspace/bmx/blob/4094b59e90dc810dfc1193986faaf409108f9ad5/src/D2L.Bmx/OktaAuthenticator.cs#L76-L77
which I think adequately addresses possible user confusion.

# BMX

> BMX provides API access to your AWS accounts using existing Okta credentials. Instead of long-term IAM access keys, BMX creates short-term AWS STS tokens using your Okta identity.

Reviewer: nit: IAM roles sessions also have access keys
```suggestion
BMX provides API access to your AWS accounts using existing Okta credentials. Instead of long-term IAM user access keys, BMX creates short-term AWS STS tokens using your Okta identity.
```

# Installation

> Download the appropriate binary from the [releases](https://github.com/Brightspace/bmx/releases) page.

Reviewer 2: Direct D2Lers to the internal site for install, same energy as: https://github.com/firebase/firebase-ios-sdk/blob/cc3ed01f70d479642f9d9d657c90c6677a030a3d/CONTRIBUTING.md?plain=1#L122-L123 etc...

## Commands

### configure

Set up the global BMX configuration file with the following command:
```PowerShell
bmx configure --org your-okta-organization --user your-okta-username
```
### print

> To setup AWS credentials as environment variables in PowerShell, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up AWS credentials as environment variables in PowerShell, run:
```

```PowerShell
bmx print --account account-name --role role-name | iex
```
Or in Bash/sh/Zsh, run:
```Bash
$(bmx print --account account-name --role role-name)
```

### write

Create a new AWS credentials profile with the following command:
```Powershell
bmx write --account account-name --role role-name --profile my-profile
```
You can use your created profile by configuring any supporting AWS client. For example, for the AWS CLI :
```Powershell
aws sts get-caller-identity --profile my-profile
```

> ### notes

Reviewer: Right now the "notes" heading looks like another command... This may create more distinction visually:

```suggestion

#### Notes
```

> Okta account sessions are also saved when a configuration file is present. As such, it is not recommended to run `bmx configure` or create a configuration file on a machine with multiple users.

Reviewer: nits:
* remove "also" - it made sense when it was under the "configure" command, but here under "notes" it seems a little redundant
* "saved" -> "cached" - to be consistent with the language used in the app itself.
```suggestion
Okta account sessions are automatically cached when a global configuration file is present. As such, it is not recommended to run `bmx configure` or create a global configuration file on a machine with multiple users.
```

Author: In the code we originally were using the term cache and then changed it to save. Should we be consistent with that here too?

Reviewer: We use "cached" in 3 places and "saved" in 1 place... so not totally consistent.
https://github.com/search?q=repo%3ABrightspace%2Fbmx+cached&type=code
https://github.com/search?q=repo%3ABrightspace%2Fbmx+saved&type=code

I do prefer "cached" personally.

# BMX

BMX provides API access to your AWS accounts using existing Okta credentials. Instead of long-term IAM access keys, BMX creates short-term AWS STS tokens using your Okta identity.

> # Installation

Reviewer: Since "# BMX" is the top level title, sections should use a lower level headings
```suggestion
## Installation
```

Similarly for sections below e.g. Commands

Download the appropriate binary from the [releases](https://github.com/Brightspace/bmx/releases) page.

# Commands

## configure

Set up the global BMX configuration file with the following command:
```PowerShell
bmx configure --org your-okta-organization --user your-okta-username
```
BMX will default to use the provided values. Okta account sessions are also saved when a configuration file is present. As such, it is not recommended to run `bmx configure` or create a configuration file on a machine with multiple users.

> Note: The flags provided are optional. Use `bmx configure -h` to view all available options.

Reviewer: Let's consolidate these notes at the end of the "Commands" section.

## print

> To setup AWS credentials in PowerShell, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup AWS credentials as environment variables in PowerShell, run:
```

```PowerShell

> bmx print --account account-name --role role-name | iex

Author: The copy code button seems kind of useless when we're adding dummy flag values in

Author: Or it's just more work to replace

```

> To setup AWS credentials in Bash, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or in Bash/sh/Zsh, run:
```

```Bash
$(bmx print --account account-name --role role-name)
```

> Note: The flags provided are optional. Use `bmx print -h` to view all available options.

Author: I did not want people who are going to read as little as possible to assume they always need to type --account and --role

Reviewer: I think it's a fine compromise. It's still correct, though slight inconvenient. Having these notes repeated for all commands seems too much for me.

## write

Create a new AWS credentials profile with the following command:
```Powershell
bmx write --account account-name --role role-name --profile my-profile
```

> You can use your created profile by providing the `profile` flag in your AWS CLI commands, for example:

Reviewer: The "`profile` flag" is very specific to the AWS CLI, but there are many other use cases that don't involve the AWS CLI. It's good to show this as an example, but I don't want to give people the impression that this is the only way to use profiles created by bmx.

Maybe this is better?
```suggestion
You can use your created profile by configuring any supporting AWS client. For example, for the AWS CLI :
```

Author: Yea that makes it clearer

```Powershell
aws sts get-caller-identity --profile my-profile
```
Note: The flags provided are optional. Use `bmx write -h` to view all available options.

# Project-Level Configuration Files

> BMX supports project-specific `.bmx` configuration files, which allow you to pre-select AWS account and name roles for use with the `bmx print` command. When executed, BMX will search upwards from the current working directory until it finds a configuration file.

Reviewer: .bmx config files support more than account & role names and both print & write commands.

```suggestion
BMX supports project-specific `.bmx` configuration files, which allow you to define default values for most CLI flags. When executed, BMX will search upwards from the current working directory until it finds a configuration file.
```
